DOCS-9575 adding info on tokenization/masking. (#55)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-security: modules/ROOT/pages/tokenization.adoc

* Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
* Protected Health Information (PHI), or any information deemed sensitive

> == Format Preserving Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Format-Preserving Tokens
```

Author: Fixed

> Anypoint tokenization creates format-preserving tokens, which means the output tokens have the same format as the sensitive data input. Format-preserving tokenization ensures that changes are not required for existing enterprise data flows or data stores becaise the generated tokens conform to the existing data structure and validations. Changes to existing applications are minimized compared to point-to-point encryption, which requires data protection implementation at each point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint tokenization creates format-preserving tokens, which means the output tokens have the same format as the sensitive data input. Format-preserving tokenization ensures that changes are not required for existing enterprise data flows or data stores because the generated tokens conform to the existing data structure and validations. This method minimizes changes to existing applications compared to point-to-point encryption, which requires data protection implementation at each point.
```

Author: Fixed

The API gateway replaces the credit card number with the tokenized data and the request is sent to the app. 

== Masking

> Anypoint Security also provides masking which is another tokenization option that can be used to hide or mask identity. When using masking, a configurable mask character is returned which hides the identity of the sensitive data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Security also provides _masking_, which is another tokenization option that can be used to hide or mask identity. When using masking, a configurable mask character is returned, which hides the identity of the sensitive data. 
```

Reviewer: "is returned" is passive - any way to make active?

Author: This sentence was activized by me.

> In the above example, using a masking format that preserves the last four characters option would return the token: `\####\##########--4567`. The identity of a masked token cannot be returned via a detokenization call to the tokenization service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, using a masking format that preserves the last four characters returns the token  `\####\##########--4567`. You can't return the identity of a masked token via a detokenization call to the tokenization service.
```

Author: Fixed

[WARNING]
====

> If you configure a policy in API Manager to detokenize and you select a masking format, the API gateway returns a `400 Bad Request` response to the API. The API gateway returns this response because the masking format only masks data based on the original value. It cannot unmask data and return original value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configure a policy in API Manager to detokenize and you select a masking format, the API gateway returns a `400 Bad Request` response to the API. The API gateway returns this response because the masking format only masks data based on the original value. It cannot unmask data and return the original value.
```

Author: Fixed
